Fix wrong info (#494)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/network-requirements.adoc

====
The hostname of {productname} must not contain uppercase letters as this may cause _jabberd_ to fail.
Choose the hostname of your {productname} server carefully.

> Although changing the server name is possible and supported, such a change would need to be planned for and coordinated since all clients need to to be made aware of that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although changing the server name is possible and supported, it is important to plan for this change before going ahead with it.
When you change the hostname of the server, all clients attached to the server must be made aware of the change.
```

Fixing the run-on sentence.
